README.md, before:

# ransomware-python
A project to implement simple ransomware in Python

# License


MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 Akhil Sahdev

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

> THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
> EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
> MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
> IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
> CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
> TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
> SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

chore: Add commit convention documentation

README.md, after:

# ransomware-python
A project to implement simple ransomware in Python

# Commit Convention

The commit message should be structured as follows:

----------

```
<type>[optional scope]: <description>

[optional body]

[optional footer(s)]

```

----------

The commit contains the following structural elements, to communicate intent to the consumers of your library:

1.  **fix:**  a commit of the  _type_  `fix`  patches a bug in your codebase (this correlates with  [`PATCH`](http://semver.org/#summary)  in Semantic Versioning).
2.  **feat:**  a commit of the  _type_  `feat`  introduces a new feature to the codebase (this correlates with  [`MINOR`](http://semver.org/#summary)  in Semantic Versioning).
3.  **BREAKING CHANGE:**  a commit that has a footer  `BREAKING CHANGE:`, or appends a  `!`  after the type/scope, introduces a breaking API change (correlating with  [`MAJOR`](http://semver.org/#summary)  in Semantic Versioning). A BREAKING CHANGE can be part of commits of any  _type_.
4.  _types_  other than  `fix:`  and  `feat:`  are allowed, for example  [@commitlint/config-conventional](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/commitlint/tree/master/%40commitlint/config-conventional)  (based on the  [Angular convention](https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/22b96b9/CONTRIBUTING.md#-commit-message-guidelines)) recommends  `build:`,  `chore:`,  `ci:`,  `docs:`,  `style:`,  `refactor:`,  `perf:`,  `test:`, and others.
5.  _footers_  other than  `BREAKING CHANGE: <description>`  may be provided and follow a convention similar to  [git trailer format](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-interpret-trailers).

Additional types are not mandated by the Conventional Commits specification, and have no implicit effect in Semantic Versioning (unless they include a BREAKING CHANGE).  A scope may be provided to a commit’s type, to provide additional contextual information and is contained within parenthesis, e.g.,  `feat(parser): add ability to parse arrays`.

# License


MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 Akhil Sahdev

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

> THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
> EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
> MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
> IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
> CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
> TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
> SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
